# Exercise 1.3.3.1: Algorithm Analysis.

1. Method (a) is O(n log n), which might be too slow. I don't know the methods
   mentioned in (b) and (c), but (b) seems to be the correct one due to keeping
a specialized data structure.

2. Option (a) works if preffix sum is considered DP. Option (c) works by design.
   Options (b), (d) and (e) shouldn't work.

3. Option (a) runs in 70^6 ~= 10^11 operations, exceeding 10^8. An algorithm
   that should work in O(N^2 * M^2) is, for each combination of A and B, instead
of computing the full submatrix AxB for every tile of Q that can fit that
submatrix, use the calculation from the previous tile.

4. Option (a) runs in (10^5)^2 = 10^10 operations, exceeding 10^8. I don't the
   technique being refered to on the exercise.

5. Currently, of all presented, I am only sure that Option (c), Dijkstra's,
   would work, and Option (e), Floyd-Warshall, wouldn't. I believe both (a), DP,
and (b), BFS, could be used for the task, but am not sure.

6. Option (a), Sieve. Option (b) is an obvious TLE.

7. Option (a) is an extremely obvious TLE. Since we can't compute n!, and m
   might be a prime over 10^13 and still divide n!, I can't think of a way to
solve the problem.

8. Option (a) runs in 10^12 operations, exceeding 10^8. An algorithm I think
   should be enough is a suffix tree/array, with O(n log n) construction and
O(m)/O(m log n) query.

9. Option (a) should be correct, with 2.5 * 10^7 operations.

10. Option (a) runs in 4 * 10^10 operations, exceeding 10^8. As an option (b),
    an alternative might be constructing a convex shell of the points (which can
be done in O(n log n) if I'm not mistaken) and doing a complete search using
only the points in the shell. Since the points are randomly scattered, the
chances of all points being located in the convex shell is negligible.

11. Option (a) again exceeds 10^8 operations. Option (b) described above might
    run into the edge case where all points are on the convex shell. As an
option (c), we can again construct the convex shell, but instead of using a
complete search we can, for each point, make a ternary search to find the cusp
of maximum distance from that point, then take the maximum from all points.
